---
layout: page
permalink: /publications/
title: Publications
description: publications by categories in reversed chronological order. generated by jekyll-scholar.
nav: true
nav_order: 3
---

<!-- _pages/publications.md -->

<div class="publications">

## In preparation / under review

1. **X. Li** et al. Cloud-based Arctic radiation management in idealized CESM simulations. *In preparation.*

2. **X. Li** et al. Small differences in sea ice concentration amplify low-level cloud discrepancies between CMIP6's CMIP and AMIP simulations. *To be submitted to GRL.*

## Peer-reviewed publications

1. **X. Li**, Z. Tan, Y. Zheng, M. Bushuk, and L. Donner. Open water in sea ice causes high bias in polar low-level clouds in GFDL CM4. *Geophysical Research Letters*, 50, 2023GL106322 (2023).

2. **X. Li**, G. Mace, C. Strong, and S. Krueger. Wintertime cooling of the Arctic TOA by low-level clouds. *Geophysical Research Letters*, 50, e2023GL104869 (2023).

3. **X. Li**, S. Krueger, C. Strong, and G. Mace. Relationship between midwinter leads and low clouds in the pan-Arctic. *Journal of Geophysical Research: Atmospheres*, 125, e2020JD032595 (2020).

4. **X. Li**, S. Krueger, C. Strong, G. Mace, and S. Benson. Midwinter Arctic leads form and dissipate low clouds. *Nature Communications*, 11, 1–8 (2020).

5. F. Li, J. Song, and **X. Li**. A preliminary evaluation of the necessity of using a cumulus parameterization scheme in high-resolution simulations of Typhoon Haiyan. *Natural Hazards*, 92(2), 647–671 (2018).

6. F. Li, J. Song, H. He, S. Li, **X. Li**, and S. Guan. Assessment of surface drag coefficient parametrizations based on observations and simulations using the Weather Research and Forecasting model. *Atmospheric and Oceanic Science Letters*, 9(4), 327–336 (2016).

7. **X. Li** and J. Zhu. A weakly coupled data assimilation system of a coupled physical–biological model for the northeastern South China Sea. *Atmospheric and Oceanic Science Letters*, 9(5), 352–360 (2016).

</div>


<!-- _pages/publications.md -->

<!-- Bibsearch Feature -->

<!--
{% include bib_search.liquid %}

<div class="publications">

{% bibliography %}

</div>
--->
